Let's suppose we have a list of phrases and we want to
extract the first word from each. How would we do that?
Thinking this through, for the starting word,
we want to extract everything from the left up until the first space character.
To do that, we need two functions: Find and Left.
I've exposed the formulas so that we can see what's happening more clearly.
The find function searches the phrase string for whatever sub-string we give it,
in this case, a space,
and returns the character position where that sub-string was found.
So, for Hello world,
the first space is at character number six in the string.
The left function extracts the number of characters we tell it to starting from the left.
For Hello world, we're telling the function to extract one less than
the first space count that find determined were five characters on the left.
This results in the final text of,
Hello, which is five characters long.
This could have been done in one step, instead of two,
by nesting the find function inside the left function.
Once we do this,
our equation is only dependent on the original data.
Now the other steps don't matter.
We can delete those intermediate columns.
The right function works in a similar way except
that right selects a number of characters from the right.
In this case, the last three letters of World which are RLD.
Mid extracts from anywhere in a phrase based on some starting point,
in this case, starting with the second letter,
there are three letters extracted, ELL.